Readme migration from common (#768)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: kotlin/integrated-mesh-layer/README.md

View an integrated mesh layer from a scene service.

![Image of an integrated mesh layer](integrated-mesh-layer.png)

## Use case

An integrated mesh is used to generate a mesh over a point dataset. They are most often used on high-density point datasets to create a high-resolution seamless surface.

## How to use the sample

Run the sample and watch the integrated mesh layer load in place of the extruded imagery basemap. Navigate around the scene to visualize the high level of detail on the cliffs and valley floor.

## How it works

1. Create an `ArcGISScene`.
2. Create an `IntegratedMeshLayer` with the URL to an integrated mesh layer scene service.
3. Add the layer to the scene's operational layers.

## Relevant API

* IntegratedMeshLayer

## About the data

> This data is derived from  point cloud data from a lidar survey. Lidar data is often of a high enough resolution to capture 3D features as small as walls and trees, but also the irregular surfaces of geological features like cliffs. An integrated mesh made from a point cloud of lidar data will include realistic textures and elevation information.

Reviewer: remove extra space
```suggestion
This data is derived from point cloud data from a lidar survey. Lidar data is often of a high enough resolution to capture 3D features as small as walls and trees, but also the irregular surfaces of geological features like cliffs. An integrated mesh made from a point cloud of lidar data will include realistic textures and elevation information.
```

> This integrated mesh depicts Little Yosemite Valley in California's Yosemite National Park, including the 3,000ft granite face of El Capitan.

Reviewer: don't need the comma here
```suggestion
This integrated mesh depicts Little Yosemite Valley in California's Yosemite National Park, including the 3000ft granite face of El Capitan.
```
